[Music]
my name is dr chrysler
can you tell me what you saw the dead
kid
who's dressed up like a girl
nobody caught him to pieces
i need to fetch mr moore and bring him
to the bridge tell more to bring his
drawing kit
where her eyes
and his genitalia had been removed uh
chief burns
you have anything to do with
apprehending this wolf fellow oh
are we just passing by to congratulate
captain connor here i'm retired as you
know but i take
great pride in the achievement of my
boys i am miss howard
an employee of the new york police
department you will please accord me the
respect that my position demands
and what is it you want from me i shall
need to look at the post-mortem of that
spy case to see if there's a connection
if one indeed exists i cannot allow that
it is neither legal nor ethical a child
is dead
a child exploited by you and your blood
paris's socks shut down
shut down you have until six o'clock
today
i took out a 10 spot to cover the
inconvenience closing down but you're
only shifting them across the street
i'm detective sergeant marcus isaacs and
this is my brother lucius detective
sergeant
lucius isaacson may i ask how long we
have the benefit
of the expertise as long as you like
doctor i doubt my brother and i will be
missed at the police department
the files of both boys were kept hidden
i found them only by chance
there could well be others are you
suggesting you should be allowed to
conduct a parallel investigation
yes the arkansas toothpick
the blade is strong enough to cause the
wounds the boy suffered to his torso
but finally waited to delicately remove
his eyes
we know the killer's conscious thoughts
are fixed on violence
if we get too close that violence might
well spill over onto us
there was a young street urchin killed
upon the bridge
does this have something to do with
willem what was his name
the one with a silver smile why would he
willingly go to his death
because he went with someone he trusted
heights
he's attracted to heights ms howard how
did you cope with your father's suicide
why isn't that
quite enough another boy's been murdered
i think it necessary that arrangements
be made in the best interest of your son
of course
we won't find him by dissecting our own
minds nor shall we find him by looking
for men who still
smiles the [ __ ] in him is looking for
the [ __ ]
in another mrs centerelli and her son
brought this to me at police
headquarters
well i wasn't killing the boy enough why
must you send a letter as well
we must see what's behind the clips come
on sarah we don't have to listen to this
go on then both of you come back when
you're able to look inside yourselves
he's watching us
which one of you is up for a little fun
and to inform you the police have a
suspect
he comes from wealth and privilege the
400 are too important to this city to
suffer the public humiliation of having
one of their own arrested for murder
is not our killer the killer is choosing
victims
who somehow remind him of his own
background and upbringing
his own class i must believe you don't
want the killer foul
killer might be following a pattern he's
following the christian calendar
the next holy day is the feast of the
ascension hand me her weapon
you're gonna regret this with pentecost
tomorrow i believe our killer will be
compelled to act
do not betray your own kind roosevelt
you'll find yourself
with no friends we plan on using a decoy
you don't have the courage to see
yourself for who you really are it's
because you're a coward
i'll take you away stop him
it's all right i live among decent
people i'm a van burkin
you're a nobody cyrus
where is he he got away
dirtier than a red engine it's in the
letter he wrote to mrs santorelli he's
witnessed these things probably as a
child
scout i saw something similar when i was
ranching in the dakotas look for any
mention of patience with a connection to
the west here's another one
the patients who match your description
that have spent time in the west these
four were sent to saint elizabeth's
hospital in washington
you're in well over your head you don't
scare me
connor i think he may have been a
soldier
have you told chrysler you'll have to
tell him oh come on go together
no there's something happening between
i'd very much like if you would join me
for dinner
there was a massacre in new paltz it's
possible it was committed by a man named
beecher john do you think now there are
some of us who don't even believe he's
human like he might be a
spirit he's most assuredly human i came
across him
sitting astride a dead striker young man
boy really he was stabbing at the body
with a knife
over and over do you think it was an
accident
his throat was cut from ear to ear tell
us about your brother
dr chrysler
what happened to your arm doctor that is
no concern of you you weren't
responsible for her death
who then if not me this fractured
investigation is over
the man where you're looking for he
might have a job that allows him to get
close to you boys and
when you trust fight still trying to be
a detective or human source
get out of my way good man tall fella
facial take three-story house second
floor
we have a duty to go on but we don't
have the knowledge
or the no we have a name we have a
suspect all we have to do is fight
today
we may be too late
joseph is still missing
turn me down by all means
but don't pretend i have no feelings for
you
my father had two sides one loving and
the other brutal
i don't remember if he was drunk or if i
said something that offended him
he must have put my arm behind my back
and small children fractures can often
affect
the eyes were the eyes missing
no sir he was there
when dr chrysler visited beechum's rooms
what did you discuss
i told him about the eyes he didn't take
the eyes this time
conscious or not his focus was on
something else he's changing
the ritual is changing the map on its
own tells us nothing
the box with the child's heart not a
child's heart someone older
someone close to him his mother
it's not only love that resides in the
heart john it's pain
[Music]
i know what's been done to you you don't
know
anything nor does the child
there's nothing to do with like where do
you think you're going
man
why
the past four months have proved to be
more than a fruitful partnership
i dare say what we now share is
friendship i shot captain connor sir
every way of perfectly normal and
healthy brain what does that prove
that he wasn't insane it proves we don't
know anything
jesse palmerisms j for the juries of
this world will take the secrets
to the grave but there will be others i
have no doubt
and from them we might one day learn
what compels a man to do evil
and to do good
[Music]
you